so Angie right guy check it into that by
my songs and today we are on the m60
sales playing on the map part 72 so
today guys this video is another a she
but it will be the release of the hero
pack and buy just the comments I could
tell the here apopka small wanted over
the red default so that's a packing good
be releasing today and I'm real sorry
and I kind of apologized that it's
eleven man game and this is a is 24
months servers I don't apologize for
this being such a small game but they
said yeah I will be releasing the hero
pack I don't know probably just like
sticky at the descriptions are like 200
likes what's on it just cuz I just want
to test you guys here now Joe goodbye
just now you can hit that and I know
I've seen a lot of you will do as I
thought might as well look good no just
yeah could do what one alright it's my
pack so and so yeah so was you hit the
like I don't know whatever I said it to
like I've already just put a let go and
then like wherever I set it to you
whenever you guys hit it then the link
will be in the description for you guys
pretty easy peasy I know you guys can
get it cuz well some I did one but you
smacked it like completely like I also
like 200 in the last pack release I did
and you got 400 so I just know you guys
could do it easily it's not much of a
test every honest okay so and I'm really
awful to apologize for the fact that um
I missed the daily upload and I just got
kind of busy and then was was gonna plan
to do the hair Pat release but then kind
of didn't but I'm just gonna do it now I
don't know I just look busy and then
things got in my way and then I don't
really know I don't know just yeah I got
busy right I got busy and do we have a
time here we do we can look at that and
sort if we get one
alright we're pretty static we're pretty
stacked and we just get extremely status
game i'm assuming just because over the
fact of the really low amount of people
in the game well you see how far i went
off on my mouse there Jesus Christ can
we need to get a rod mean do get a rod
quick time okay quick done quick come
quick time and I'm not sure if it's just
me or like I need to start a new series
or something cuz Dunham for the past few
days and the support hasn't really been
great and I feel like you guys are just
getting bored of SG in general honesty
so is there something you guys would
like me to do which is just not as she
like a new series every guys got any new
series ideas you want to give me I know
I just seemed like I just feel like you
guys are a bit bored of it she nowadays
okay this guy he does oh now that's like
what the hell was that okay we can turn
again we can turn again okay here we
killed this guy don't on the file no oh
my god did he have a ride you did okay i
dub like didn't I yeah I had a feeling
I'd it that would look bad from another
perspective ok we need to start throwing
away some crap okay we're pretty stat
though something i believe thats turkish
correct me if I'm mistaken Wow for
nylons it wasn't mental throw away the
apples but whoopsie-daisy all right then
okay bang bang let's go coming innocent
oh god no oh I did well as I was a tutti
no hacks just easy and I'm ER Oh
bollocks it wasn't expect an expected to
be a two-team wow that was a really bad
F&S you should never ever let your
teammate take a 1v1 with a guy he's more
ok I can trade with that guy killed him
ok i just got apples he gabbled i play
so bad right now we need a heaven s in
our inventory he's got a block glitch
that's cute okay then um got one more
finesse no no ok i miss my rod no like
that i could afford apples that was good
that's a guy that's the kapil really
know how it's just easy no I'm killing
you screw you man you try to rally team
of me again ok this guy I know is that
I'm the sword see you the time he is oh
that's like it's a good a time I thought
he will good fight
yes I want to quickly apologizer this
video will be credibly short compared to
me other ones but yes so it's not really
a topic video to say the least it's more
just kind of like me releasing the pack
in the nests cheeks I'd rather do it in
a touchback world and also you guys get
to see some okay gameplay like I'm not
the best right now and it's kind of late
um bitch better hair man money so is it
diem yet I was any cheap fuel remaining
and there is all that was such a good
night I was such a nice roll combo okay
we got three gay pause I see if he calls
me a hacker he hasn't said anything call
me a hacker give me road please don't
have what I don't have a spare don't
have a spare sorry no but I was typing
black man okay this guy's gonna keep it
up by Oh fine went off
I give me a good fight he gave me a very
good fight to us good GG bud okay he's
not even there anymore so there's no
point even telling him how well I was a
good fight okay so guys if you did
enjoyed this of other ones which that
make sure to leave a like comment
subscribe for more and whenever like you
guys will hit let's say let's chill what
sort of 300 likes I really the hero pack
will be in the description below but
this is the video for the release of it
on apologize that mr. daddy upload just
got very busy and yes or i will see you
guys in the next episode peace out guys